you were haxored by Zamolxe -=thE_Deton8er=- & flcaza (project 1337) (greetz to N-e-o :-))
Science Outreach Services
Science Outreach
Services is a non profit 501(c)(3) organization and division of The Crib
Foundation, whose goal is to bring "hands-on" science to elementary
and middle schools.
Presentations are offered at no cost to the schools or their districts,
making us accessible to all schools regardless of their economic situation.
Science Outreach
Services visits schools by appointment and delivers an entertaining and
informative "hands-on" presentation on a variety of topics,
which follow the state guidelines for science education.
Subject matter is chosen by the individual schools from our topic list
which covers the following areas:
* Life Sciences
* Astronomy
* Physical Science
* Chemistry
* Earth Science
Depending, of
course, on each school's area of interest, we can tailor any lesson to
fit its needs.
These presentations can be given during school hours or as part of or
in conjunction with after school programs.
In every case, we try to ensure that each student will have a positive
and rewarding experience. In doing so, we feel that children will develop
a greater curiosity and appreciation for the world around them while in
turn widening their imagination and self-confidence.
Science Outreach
Services provides the schools with a packet of materials designed to preview
each of the presentations to be given. It is expected that the teacher
will preview these materials with his/her class prior to the presentation
date.
If, for any reason, this cannot be done, Science Outreach Services will
be happy to run this preview session.
Science Outreach
Services delivers hands on instruction on topics chosen by each school
from our topic list. The presentation is given either during class time
or after school.
The presenter and trained staff, work with each student to ensure understanding
of each given task.
Science Outreach Services will also provide the individual teachers with
a packet of follow-up materials at the conclusion of each presentation.
These materials are designed to re-enforce concepts from each lesson.
They may include all or part of the following: exam questions, quizzes,
word search puzzles, games, thought questions, and summaries.
GRADES 1-5
Life Sciences:
Skeletons, Heart and Lungs, Whales and Other Marine Mammals, Sharks, Survey
of Animal Habitats, Taste and Touch,
How We Catch a Cold.
Physical Sciences:
Sound, Motion and Forces, Optical Illusions, Solar System,, Solar and
Lunar Eclipses, Water Pressure, Heat, Convection.
Earth Science:
Tornadoes, Hurricanes, Volcanoes, Rocks and Minerals, Fossils, Pangea.
Chemistry: Chemical
Bonds, Diffusion, Growing Crystals, Finding Iron In Cereal, States Of
Matter (solids, liquids, gasses).
GRADES 6-8
Life Sciences:
Genetics, DNA Replication, Protein Synthesis, Parts of the Cell, Viruses,
Tide Pool Animals (survival in a hostile environment) Skeletons (comparing
humans and animals) Predators and Prey (camouflage and other mechanisms)
The Human Body and Its Systems.
Astronomy: Formation
of Solar System, Life Cycles of Stars, Galaxies.
Earth Sciences
Physical Sciences: We will tailor any topic to fit your needs.
Chemistry: The
Atom, Diffusion, Acids and Bases, States Of Matter.
Study Skills:
Learning Styles, Study Reading, Time Management, etc.
Teacher Workshops: Ask about topics.
The Staff
Director: John A. Curd
Began teaching career in 1983. Extensive experience teaching, tutoring,
and in education of science.
Taught SAT I and II courses, worked for California State University, Long
Beach learning assistance center and was academic coach for men's baseball
1996-98
Assistant Director:
Ray Lacoste
Lecturer in Comparative Literature and Classics at California State University,
Long Beach since 1986.
Support Staff:
College Students
The support staff is made up mostly of volunteer students who are prospective
teachers. It is our belief that our approach to teaching science will
not only benefit the students we serve but will provide a valuable training
ground for future elementary and middle school teachers.
Advisors
Education: Jeanett Castellanos PhD.
Doctorate degree from Washington State University. Dept. of Education.
Taught at University of Indiana, Bloomington, and University of California,
Irvine.
Science: Doug
Johnston M.S. Microbiology
Taught at California State University, Long Beach and currently works
for Harbor UCLA Medical Center (Harbor R.E.I.) Infectious Disease.
We look forward
to working with you in providing and imaginative, educational, and entertaining
program for your students.
Science Outreach Services
Is a division
of The Crib Foundation.
"Better Knowledge Through Imagination"
To make a Reservation
or a Donation
Please contact us at:
562.936.0284
Email: curd@catalina-inter.net
The Crib Foundation
301 E. Ocean Blvd. Suite 460
Long Beach, CA. 90802