ph33r the b33r... here's our two fucking cents
Admin: Page is backed
up, sploit is patched.
Every major raid has the same name. Sundevil. gH
fell to it, Analyzer fell to it, and the fucking LOD ran from
it.
Welp, everywhere you go you will here the rumour
that a big massive wide "raid" will be happening nationwide.
PTB was supposdly named as one of the groups who wished to be
investigated.
Feds, you cannot scare us.
Your tactics to waiver people's loyalty against
their groups and own morale codes might work on undernet or some
packeting/take-over groups, but they will not work on
us.
We for one, believe you are lying. As we all know,
Operation Sundevil was the codename for the raiding of the pentagon/statd
kiddy, Analyzer. This took him down.
*claps*
Good job feds, but you forgot who you were fucking
with now. We are experienced hackers who know their shit. We have
seen other hackers fall to your tricks, which would be easily
ruled by common-sense (ne0h's capture, for example). We won't
be so easily fooled.
The way to catch us?
You might be able to catch us the way we commit
our crimes, technologically. But think about it. We are masters
at this game, whereis you have just finally gotten into this.
We know the turf, and you have just entered this. You saw how
easily your site was taking down when fbi.gov was DoS'd. Or when
gH owned whtiehouse.gov with a simple rpc exploit. But you think
you can catch us?
Come and try it.
All hackers, all the time have been saying this.
But now, I implore you.
UNITE FOR THE VERY LIFE YOU LIVE NOW WILL BE
STOLEN
hackers everywhere, unite. Blackhats, whitehats,greyhats
fucking purple hats, unite.
Corporate america and the government that wipes
it ass, will take you and throw you in the gutter for a measly
10$. Companies care nothing for your health. Companies look at
you as a profit,net loss number that can be expendable at greater
cost for the company. What is this otherwise known
as? Communism.
Wasn't that wiped outta america years
ago?
Feds, we are everywhere. Contrary to popular belief,
we don't deface everything we hack. And yes, I have notified many
admins of there problems. But I found this essential, because
the feds are coming. Just because I (p4ntera) haven't hacked anything
doesn't mean I have been raided/quit. I will always be
around.
message from a once HFG
member:
'i look around at the defacements
today.. and i wonder. why are all of these script kiddies saying
they 'r00ted' a Windows NT boxen? Herbless: I like your messages
but your one stupid fucker who needs to die, lol. Now, with all
of this 'SunDevil' shit supposdly going on, and yes, FBI, we all
have gotten the word about your little 'master plan'. Well, you
never caught me, and
I sincerely doubt you will ever will. I doubt you will catch
my friends too, after all, they have been eluding your fat doney
eating asses for some time now, huh? 'I also wanna say 'fuck you'
to root shell hackers, you fucking goat sucking elephant
asses'
(p4ntera lubs rsh, but this
dood doesn't dont yell at me =) )
shouts: DHC, cyberg0d, do0do0, seksi, rootworm, tnc,
, WAX CAUSE ITS FHIS FUCKING BDAY!@!@!,sockopt/th1nk,SJ
my drinking buddy and lubber, my seksi mexican fut0n, cid, rsh
and anyone who doesn't laugh at us, because they simply dont know
us. And that reminds me, to all those who insult us, without knowing
us, maybe you should actually talk to us for once. If you ask
the people who once mocked us (blazinweed,acidk|own, sm0ke ETC)
you will find we are actually intelligent people who listen and
are humble.
ph33r the b33r motherfuckers. If you wish to join
us, in our fight. Email
us.
- p4ntera -