:: GForce:: Yeh Undar Ki Baat Hai
MASSACRES REPORT!
DEIR YASSIN MASSACRE - DEIR YASSIN MASSACRE:
9-10 April 1948: The massacre that became the symbol of Zionist aggression
fo the Palestinians as well as Zionist treachery. The Mukhtar of the village
had agreed with the Zionists to provide information on the movement of
strangers in the area as well as other intelligence provided their village
is spared. The Zionists were not to keep their side of the promise. In
an operation which was called Operation Unity, the Haganah co-operated
with the Irgun and the Stern Gang is this operation. At 4:30 am on Friday
9th April 1948 surrounded the village which was overlooked by two Jewish
settlements, Givat Shaul and Montefiore. For two days Zionist terrorists
killed men women and children, raped women and stole their jewellery.
A chilling account of the massacre is given by a Red Cross doctor who
arrived at the village on the second day and saw himself -- the mopping
up as one of the terrorists put it to him. He says that the mopping gup-
had been done with machine guns, then grenades and finished of with knives.
Women's bellies were cut open and babies were butchered inthe hands of
their helpless mothers. Around 250 people were murdered in cold blood.
Of them 25 pregnant women were bayoneted in the abdomen while still alive.
52 children were maimed under the eyes of their own mothers, and they
were slain and their heads cut off. The Jewish Agency and the commander
of the British ground troops knew of the massacre while it was going on,
however, no one intervened to stop it. NASER AL-DIN MASSACRE
NASER AL-DIN MASSACRE: 13-14 April 1948,
a contingent of Lehi and Irgon entered this village (near Tiberias) entered
the village on the night of 13 April dressed as Arab fighters. Upon their
entrance to the village the people went out to greet them, the terrorists
met them with fire, killing every single one of them. Only 40 people survived.
All the houses of the village were raised to the ground.
BEIT DARAS MASSACRE - BEIT DARAS MASSACRE:
21 May 1948, aftera number of failed attempts to occupy this village,
the Zionists mobilized a large contingent and surrounded the village.
The people of Beit Daras decided that women and children should leave.
As women and children left the village they were met by the Zionist army
who massacred them despite the fact that they could see they were women
and children fleeing the fighting. THE DAHMASH MOSQUE MASSACRE -
THE DAHMASH MOSQUE MASSACRE: 11 July
1948, after the Israeli 89th Commando Battalion lead by Moshe Dayan occupied
Lydda, the Israelis told Arabs through loudspeakers that if they went
into a certain mosque they would be safe. In retaliation for a hand grenade
attack after the surrender that killed several Israeli soldiers, 80-100
Palestinians were massacred in the mosque, their bodies lay decomposing
for 10 days in the mid-summer heat. The mosque still stands abandoned
today. This massacre spread fear and panic among the Arab population of
Lydda and Ramle, who were then ordered to march out of these towns after
they were stripped of all personal belonging by Israeli soldiers. Yetzak
Rabin, Brigade Commander then says: - There was no way of avoiding the
use of force and warning shots in order to make the inhabitants march
ten to fifteen miles to the point where they met up with the legion-.
Most of the 60,000 inhabitants of Lyda and Ramble came to refugee camps
near Ramallah, around 350 lost their lives on the way through dehydration
and son stroke. Many survived by drinking their own urine. The conditions
in the refugee camps were to claim more lives.
To view Previous
work click here
GREETS
PHC,
mOs #flem XPERiENCE crew, Attrition.org, safemode.org
Projectgamma.com, hackernews.com, packetstorm.securify.com,
self-evident.com, rest of #!GFORCE
and Freedom fighters of Kashmir (the mujhaideens), safemode.org,.hexa
labs.MAN|AC, Peacemaker, msgmen0t, aekpani, , DEATHaCES, DEADgH0sT, cen,
RR, symetrixx, , root66, Sysop, justagirl dayzee ,blueberry ,apathy13,
antipent, Jaguar ,BigPoppa, PoWerPr0, bo-k-rra, core, bs, live, none(leviatan),
cruciphux, SugarKing espionage, defcon, melt, slader, lyp0x, xessor, max0r,
wrLiner, DA^BOMB, #rootworrm, axess, hwa-security, !b0f, all peeps at
flem, rsh, f0rpaxe, Ursel ,Earizer ,stella, divine, isn, c65.org, incubus,
oreo, hackweiser, and who ever we've missed. Alldas.de another very good/stable
mirroring website for hacks (defaced@alldas.de), Herblees, pinpshiz, fuxor
inc, crimeboys, doodo krew bandit, acidklown, DHC, m0r0n, nightman, all
those you give us shouts ;) , DODI, and every one who has mailed
us for their support it has been very encourageing, Long live ISLAM!