Hack for your freedom!
E-mail us: fuk-china@hushmail.com
Dear China,
We're sorry that you don't train your fighter
pilots better. As a token of our apology, here's a
copy of Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000.(Please take
note of the Copyright )
We're sorry that you're front-line fighter planes
can't outmaneuver a 35 year old prop-driven
airliner. Perhaps you'd
like to consider purchasing some surplus 1950's
era Lockheed Star Fighters from Taiwan. (We just replaced all theirs with shiny new
F-16's).
We're sorry his aircraft recognition skills were
so poor he didn't realize the EP-3 aircraft was
propeller driven
and flew his aircraft through its propeller arc, destroying his aircraft and nearly
killing 24 American crewmen.
We're sorry that you believe your territorial
waters extend all the way to Australia. For
future reference, here's an
American 6th grade geography textbook. (Please
take note of the
Copyright information printed inside the cover.)
We're sorry we have to fly surveillance missions
to monitor a country that has nuclear missiles
pointed at us.
We're sorry your fighter pilot's survival
training and equipment was so inadequate that he
couldn't survive until your
poorly trained and equipped navy could find him
(they turned down
our offer for search and rescue assistance).
We're sorry you violated international law and arrested the crewmen of an aircraft that legally
diverted into your
airfield under emergency conditions caused by your pilot's actions.
We're sorry you violated international law and boarded a state aircraft.
We're sorry that you can't seem to see your part of this incident. We know that it may seem easier
to blame others than
to take responsibility.
Consider this fact while
we
build several new Aegis destroyers for our friends in the Republic of
China (Taiwan).
We're especially sorry for treating you with such
respect for the last 20 years. We will definitely
rethink this policy and probably go back to treating you like a common, untrustworthy
street gang very soon.
We're very sorry for ever granting you Most- Favored-Nation trading status and supporting your
entrance into the
World Trade Organization. This will be rectified at the soonest
possible
opportunity.
We're sorry the world is now seeing you for the enemy of freedom, truth, and democracy that you
really are.
We're sorry you see yourself as a superpower when in reality you are a third world nation (the
average Chinese worker
earns less than 10 cents a day).
We're sorry you are losing so much face over this.
We're sorry that you were able to steal missile
and nuclear secrets from us.
We're sorry you haven't learned from the Soviet
Union's collapse and failed to embrace democracy
and capitalism
(compare tiny Taiwan and mainland China; same people, same culture,
but Taiwan's
capitalistic economy is a powerhouse and China's economy is still
mired in
communism).
And most of all, we're sorry for the Chinese
people who suffer its leaders' incompetence.
Sincerely,
-Hackah Jak
-Hackweiser
-The United States of America
PS... Kiss our ass.