Owned by Silver Lords (Supporting the freedom movement!)
OwNeD bY MaDDoNa... Silver Lords are:
MaCWiZ - MiRiNdA - MaDDoNa
The children of
Iraq have been dying and suffering harshly from diseases every 5 minutes for
the past 10 years, all because of the injust, inhumane economic sanctions
implemented on Iraq by the ever-so hypocritical U.N.?The sanctions were
supposedly created to hurt Saddam Hussein, but instead they only hurt the
people, especially the children...
Here is the
truth...
?/P>
The Story of Kashmir:
(Please read this to see the
whole story of what happened in Kashmir...)
?/P>
1947, when India was
partitioned into two and Pakistan was created, the people of Kashmir?
- a territory in between the borders of Pakistan and India (officially
known as Jammu and Kashmir) - demanded that they be allowed to join
Pakistan.?Since Kashmir was a majority Muslim state, and since
Pakistan was to become a Muslim nation, it made sense.?Not to India
however.?India immediately dispatched troops all over Kashmir to
suppress the will and voice of the Kashmiri people.?When the
people of Kashmir rebelled against this repression, India's first prime
minister Jawaharial Nehru promised the citizens of Kashmir that they would
choose their own fate.?Nehru assured the Kashmiri people that
they would be allowed to do what they wanted.?Nehru claimed that the
sole criteria for Kashmir would be the "wishes of the Kashmiri
people."?But soon after United Nations Resolutions were passed,
Nehru flagrantly violated his pledge by illegally passing laws that
incorporated the state of Jammu and Kashmir into the Indian union, thus
betraying the will of the Kashmiri people that he had sworn to honor,
and also contradicting U.N. Security Council Resolutions that had been
passed before.?By taking advantage of a puppet government in
Kashmir, India made it appear so as Kashmir was ready to join India,
but the people of Kashmir were never even consulted about this, nor were
they given a choice.?And so thus India illegally occupied most
of Kashmir for decades, and persecuted, tortured, and made life
excessively harsh for the vast majority Muslim population of
Kashmir...until 1989, when the people of Jammu and Kashmir rose up to
fight for freedom against an Indian oppressor, a country that had for
years denied them their rightful independence.?The popular
revolt for liberation increased day by day in Kashmir, and when India
realized that the voice of the determined Kashmiri people could not be
silenced, it decided to significantly increase its troop presence in the
territories. 60,000 Indian Troops were deployed in Indian-occupied
Kashmir, the largest troop presence in any area of the world.?B> In
order to destroy the Kashmiri freedom struggle once and forever, the
Indian army went on a rampage of destruction in Kashmir, killing, raping,
pillaging, looting, torturing, and plundering the Kashmiri Muslims, and
continues to do that to this day.?Over 65,000 Kashmiris have been
killed by the Indian force since 1989. Several thousands of young girls
and women have been raped, molested, and tortured. Hundreds of schools and
hospitals have been torched by the Indian Army, the Kashmiri children,
doctors, and patients, burned alive with them. Harrassment, crack-downs,
rape, torment, indiscriminate murder, and arbitrary arrests are a few of
the harsh everyday affairs which the Kashmiri people are victim to by the
Indian Army. This same kind of stuff happens everyday to the Palestinians
as well by the Israeli army, as well as to the Chechen people at the hands
of corrupted Russian soldiers.?
????/P>
The struggle for
Kashmiri freedom in 2001 has now entered its 12th year...And this is why
we're hacking.?If we can save even one life by creating awareness in
the world, then our mission has
succeeded...
?/P>
Indian war crimes and
mass human rights violations in Kashmir:
?/P>
This little
child was wounded when Indian forces attacked his school and beat
him severely...Indian forces have demolished and burned down over a
hundred schools and hospitals in Kashmir, wiping away not only the
architecture, but also destroying the hopes and dreams of thousands
of children and people inside.
And the
innocent children in this picture?...Indian forces have destroyed
their school, their homes, and their families.?What do they
have left...but to fight??Do these children look like "Islamic
terrorists" or "extremist militants"??By all means no, but
India has torn apart their hearts and their hope...When these
children grow up, those elite experts who take it upon themselves to
define history will call these children "rebels" or
"militants"...But no, they are freedom fighters, battling against an
Indian aggressor that has ruined their life, desecrated upon their
childhood humanity, and has deprived them of even the basic rights
of living.
?FONT color=#ffffff>The
price of freedom in Kashmir...The Indian security forces have butchered
and tortured well over 60,000 Kashmiris since 1989...Why??Because
they fought for their freedom.
?/P>
Indian soldiers abuse
an innocent Kashmiri in the middle of the street.?Nothing new.?
It happens everyday in Indian-held Kashmir.
?/P>
?/P>
STOP THE INDIAN
GENOCIDE AGAINST THE PEOPLE OF KASHMIR.?FREE KASHMIR, PALESTINE,
CHECHNYA, KOSOVA, AND BOSNIA.?END THE INJUST U.N. SANCTIONS ON
IRAQ.
?/P>
Some quotes
from various leading human rights groups and agencies about how Indian
forces regularly torment the innocent people of Kashmir:
?/P>
"Torture methods
most frequently cited (against Kashmiris) were beatings often with canes,
and, less frequently, suspension by the wrists or ankles, electric shocks
and rape."?/FONT>?
- Amnesty International
Report?/FONT>
?/P>
"Methods of torture include severe beatings, electric shock,
suspension by the feet or hands, stretching the legs apart, burning with
heated objects and sexual molestation. One common form of torture involves
crushing the leg muscles with a heavy wooden
roller."
-
Physicians for Human Rights
?/P>
"Detainees
arrested by the Indian Army and paramilitary forces in Jammu and Kashmir
are usually taken to special interrogation centres, where torture is
reportedly routine. Their relatives are not told where they are and do not
know where to look for them."
?
Amnesty International
?/FONT>
Links to check out
for the truth about Kashmir:
?/P>
http://www.ummah.net/kris/warcrimes/
http://www.kashmir.com/
?/P>
Shouts to :-?
PHC,
Gforce Pakistan,?/FONT>
WFD (for the content & support!)
Hi-Tech Hate (keep it up, we can and will make a
difference!)
DarkCode, m0s, doctornuker, prime suspects, JNB, bl00d, Athena_Z,elo,
reptex, hackers hacking for a reason, DevilSoul, Quit crew and everyone
supporting our cause!
-END-
comments are welcomed at:
mailto:silverlords@yahoo.com?subject=We
Support you!