:: GForce:: Yeh Undar Ki Baat Hai
Please Note, that we are NOT racist, what ever
we said was a response to what's happening to the paletinian people, and
everything is for those isrealis who are doing all this none other, no
jews, no other religion. And for those lame defacers, stop insulting our
religion you retarded brats$#@!
YEHIDA MASSACRE: 13 December 1947: men of the Arab
village of Yehida (near Petah Tekva, the first Zionist settlement to be
established) met at the local coffee house when they saw a British Army
patrol enter the village, they were reassured especially that Jewish terrorists
had murdered 12 Palestinians the previous day. The four cars stopped in
front of the cafe house and out stepped men dressed in khaki uniforms
and steel helmets. However, it soon became apparent that they had not
come to protect the villagers. With machine guns they sprayed bullets
into the crowd gathered in the coffee house. Some of the invaders placed
bombs next to Arab homes while other disguised terrorists tossed grenades
at civilians. For a while it seemed as if the villagers would be annihilated
but soon a real British patrol arrived to foil the well organized killing
raid. The death toll of seven Arab civilians could have been much higher.
Earlier the same day six Arabs were killed and 23 wounded when home made
bombs were tossed at a crowd of Arabs standing near the Damascus Gate
in Jerusalem. In Jaffa another bomb killed six more Arabs and injured
40.=20 - QAZAZA MASSACRE: 19 December 1947: Five Arab children were murdered
when Jewish terrorists blew up the house of the village Mukhtar.=20
To view Previous
work click here
PHC,
mOs #flem XPERiENCE crew, Attrition.org, safemode.org
Projectgamma.com, hackernews.com, packetstorm.securify.com,
self-evident.com, rest of #!GFORCE
and Freedom fighters of Kashmir (the mujhaideens), safemode.org,.hexa
labs.MAN|AC, Peacemaker, msgmen0t, aekpani, , DEATHaCES, DEADgH0sT, cen,
RR, symetrixx, , root66, Sysop, justagirl dayzee ,blueberry ,apathy13,
antipent, Jaguar ,BigPoppa, PoWerPr0, bo-k-rra, core, bs, live, none(leviatan),
cruciphux, SugarKing espionage, defcon, melt, slader, lyp0x, xessor, max0r,
wrLiner, DA^BOMB, #rootworrm, axess, hwa-security, !b0f, all peeps at
flem, rsh, f0rpaxe, Ursel ,Earizer ,stella, divine, isn, c65.org, incubus,
oreo, hackweiser, and who ever we've missed. Alldas.de another very good/stable
mirroring website for hacks (defaced@alldas.de), Herblees, pinpshiz, fuxor
inc, crimeboys, doodo krew bandit, acidklown, DHC, m0r0n, nightman, all
those you give us shouts ;) ADM ofcourse.