Tender | Contact Us
    Home
About us
Academics
Admission
Facilities
Achievements
Student Zone
Gallery
Results
Downloads
Mandatory Public Disclosure
CBSE/ AWES Initiatives
Vacancy
        Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus
























Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus



Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus
Ad VItam Paramus



0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
      About Us
    Army Public School, Morar Cantt Gwalior was raised on 01 Apr 1994 under Military Station Headquarters, Gwalior. Initially, The school was upto class VIII. Subsequently it has been upgraded up to class XII (Science, Commerce and Humanities streams). The sanction of CBSE upto class XII has been granted. CBSE school code number is 54002 (New) and 03253 (Old) and the affiliation Number allotted by CBSE is 1030072 (New) and 1080007 (Old).
News & Events
2)Dear Teachers, Parents and Students, An android malware names New Fee Structure APS.apk is being delivered to the whatsapp number of parents of studying in Army Public School. The said malware is delivered from different whatsapp numbers. On installation the said apk file is installed on the Android device with name as Army School. During analysis it was observed that the suspected file avails the permission of Camera, Contact, Location, microphone, phone, SMS and storage without consent of users. In case you receive such message/ attachment , do not download the app and block the sender.
3)Registration for Admission from class I to IX are open from 21 Feb 2022. Parents are requested to visit the school for registration for admission of their ward.
Please note that admissions are subject to availability of seats in the respective class. Registration is not the guarantee for admission. Admissions will be provided as per admission policy decided by the management. You may register your ward in online also using the following link : https://forms.gle/oyU1UojuVPGEtsyi8
For any query please feel free to contact 07771896777 during the working hours.
4)Any enquiry related to TC, fee and admission be recorded on school email ID only. Any other mode of communication will not be accepted.
5)Please do update your telephone number and home address in school record, if any change. The school will not be responsible in case of any communication gaps.
6)If your ward does not attend online class or take online tests without the consent of the teacher, a proper administrative action will be taken. Only medical emergency will be accepted for long leave over three days or more.
7)E-mail ID for parents for feedback on Academics : - info.gwalioraps@gmail.com
8)Parents must provide the school office / class teacher a working phone / mobile number with an alternate phone /mobile number for contact. Parents are also requested to update their residential and official address in case of any change.
9)Parents who are promoted from OR category to JCO category, must notify the school. Failure to do so will be considered as a fraud.
more...
School Library
HPD Corner
News Letter
School Song
School Magazine
Parent's Suggestions
Suggestions :
 
      Follow us!
  Contact us
Army Public School Gwalior
Morar Cantt, Gwalior Pin – 474006
Phone Numbers :-
0751-2463939 (Civil), 2326(Mil.)
Mobile No. +91 7771896777
- Visitors © Army Public School - Gwalior
Powered By : ONISOL SYSTEMS
 