We'd like to store cookies to improve your browsing experience. To find out more please see our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Decline
HELPING BROKERS AND INSURERS REDUCE COSTS WITH AI AND APPS.
Our Products
Technology
Resources
About us
Contact
SIGN-UP
Previous
Our digital products include: policy validation, telematics, integrated dashcam, claims & accident reporting, dynamic pricing, video and photo customer journeys with rewards and gamification for standalone apps or embedded applications.
Learn More
Next
Products Testimonials Get in Touch
Inzura
iApprove
Onboard and verify your customers in a quick and easy way - 100% digitally
iApprove allows your customers to onboard quickly and conveniently using an easy to use smartphone app. Benefit from automatic document capture ...
Learn More
Inzura
Drive
Accurate, always-on smartphone based measurement of driving behaviour
Drive, our app-based telematics solution, offers insurers the ability to implement low cost monitored and engaging motor policies. The app and platform ...
Learn More
Testimonials
Previous

“The Inzura product is is really becoming the centre of the universe for our customers. It moves us from a telephone-only customer communication strategy to something more akin to an omnichannel approach, empowering customers to self-serve via the app to upload documentation and pictures, following the app’s carefully constructed advice and camera templates. Insurance businesses haven’t really changed for nearly 300 years and we’ve been doing stuff around the periphery. The time is ripe to really make insurance easy and more accessible for people and that’s one of the driving forces behind the transformation programme and working with Inzura”
Nick Reid - Director of Transformation
Kingfisher Insurance





Next
Get in Touch
Inzura Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we’ll only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you requested from us. From time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick below to say how you would like us to contact you:
I agree to receive communications from Inzura Limited.
I would like to subscribe to your blog by email.
I would like to receive marketing offers and information.
You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy.
By clicking submit below, you consent to allow Inzura Ltd to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you the content requested.
Our customers include the following trusted brands:
1 Answer Insurance selects Inzura’s AI powered app iApprove for policy verification as part of their digital transformation programme.
January 13, 2022 at 9:00 AM
13 January 2022: 1 Answer Insurance has today announced a partnership with Inzura.ai to deploy the innovative AI powered policy verification app, iApprove, as part of a wider initiative to digitise...
Read Article
Subscribe to our blog
Helping brokers and insurers reduce costs with AI and apps.
info@inzura.ai
Our Privacy Policy
UK Operations
The Surrey Technology Centre
40 Occam Road
Guildford
Surrey
GU2 7YG
+44 1483 685 265
Inzura Asia
30 Cecil Street
#19-08 Prudential Tower
Singapore
049712

+65 6303 2422 (Singapore)
© 2021 Inzura Limited. Company Number: GB 07339647, VAT Number: GB 231311172
Top