.in
Home
About
Survey
Jobs
Category
Blog
Videos
Download App

A Networking and Job Searching platform for Artists, Creatives
& Film Professionals alike.

Download App Film Industry Jobs
Artists / Technicians
If you seek fame and a spot in the film industry Click here
Producers / Directors
If you are making a movie, short film, series or documentary and looking for talent & services Click here.
Service Providers
If you provide any service related to the film industry Click here
About App
“Kinosphere is the meeting place for creative minds that create art through cinema and other media.
We help filmmakers and other media professionals find the right cast and crew for their projects and gigs, no matter how niche or specialized their requirements may be. Welcome on Board! Download the app, complete your profile and explore opportunities in the media and entertainment industry!
Artists and content creators can showcase and share their work and have constructive feedback and interactions with their peers and more experienced mentors.
Kinosphere aims to bring together Film Professionals and Artists from India and make them easily accessible to international productions and content creators. It encompasses all verticals of the industry including talent, equipment and services. Kinosphere showcases a vast number of short films for entertainment and learning.”
Download App
Features
Manage Jobs
Upload Media Files
AI Search
Audition
In App Chat
OTT for Short Films
Screenshot
Watch Video Demo
Our Offline Services
Placements
Media Companies
Film Projects
Indie Film or Ad Makers
Know More
Casting Agent
Films
Advertisements
Indie Film Makers
Know More
Producers of Content
For OTT
Ad Films / Corporate Videos
Outsourced Content for Producers
Know More
Custom Software
Project Management System
Film Shoot management
Manpower/Employee Management
Know More
Our Amazing Team / Partners
Ishrat Akhter
Writer, Director and Tech entrepreneur.
Amlaan Shakeel
AI and DATA Science Expert
Zarif Hosain
Communicator / Public Policy Enthusiast /Lawyer
KS Ravikumar
Ace Film Director
Rajeev Menon
Ace ad Film Maker, Cinematographer and Director.
Dr Ishari K Ganesh
Chairman, Vels Film International.
OJAS Law Firm
Legal Services.
Polimer
Tamil News and Entertainment.
Susi Ganeshan
Film Director / Producer.
Latest Blogs
Eardrum, that Mindscreen and then...
Film Maker
Thursday Feb, 17, 2022
Eardrum, that Mindscreen and then, The.... 












Read More
476 views
Put your effort, rest will follow
Film Maker
Saturday Feb, 12, 2022
I started off as an AD going to many directors' offices using the cinema directory...But opportunity doesn't knock your door, you should only knock others' door . Likewise, a random person got me an opportunity to work with my mentor Milind Rau sir and later Milind Rau sir joined me with R Kannan sir. I am what i am today coz what my two mentors taught me.  

Read More
466 views
The Big Break
Job Seeker
Friday Feb, 11, 2022
I had finished my filmmaking course ages back and to be honest I never thought it will be easy finding the way in this world. At the outset it looks easy but as you step in it is Alice in wonderland where one can easily lose himself on his way. You want to be a film maker but you will become anything just to keep in touch or stay in this wonderland a little longer forgetting your purpose itself. The connections are there but none reliable to give you that break even if you are ready to compromise along it’s way.

Read More
416 views
Share your story
As a film maker As a job seeker
Read others stories
Contact Us

Submit

Kinosphere
G8, Saraswathi castle, River view enclave ,
Manapakkam, Chennai - 600125,
Tamil Nadu
+91 9840070953
contact@kinosphere.in
Google Map
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Privacy policy