WE ARE GETTING MARRIED
Ishan & Anubha
SAVE THE DATE
November 28th , 2022
EXPLORE THE FESTIVITIES
CLICK TO CONFIRM YOUR PRESENCE
Our Story
It wasn’t meant to be love at first fight, oh we mean, sight. Excuse our Freudian slip, but it surely became love at all sights and fights and one with longevity. It was a drama that life staged for us to meet, wherein, this bride played the role of an actor while the groom became a producer. The drama didn’t do much except open doors for the two of us to create more drama in life.
Staging it’s major turn on 28th November. Book your tickets.
DAYS
19
HOURS
20
MINUTES
50
SECONDS
47
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
MARK TWAIN
Wedding Festivities Schedule
Looking forward to Celebrating with you
All the Festivities will be at Location :Radisson Blu Resort Temple Bay Mahabalipuram













































We are getting married on 28th November 2022
And we would love to have your presence on our  special day.
We would require some details from you. Please fill in the details by clicking the below button.
CLICK TO CONFIRM YOUR PRESENCE
Things to do in Mamallapuram
A prominent port between the seventh and 10th centuries, Mamallapuram is home to a well-preserved complex of massive monuments and cave temples carved directly into the rocks. Discover a collection of archeological wonders like the seemingly gravity-defying boulder known as Krishna’s Butter Ball and the intricately carved Arjuna’s Penance, both a short walk from the resort. Don’t miss these area attractions during your stay:
India Seashell Museum
View this museum’s impressive collection of rare seashells, fossils, shark teeth, and whale fins. Kids love the giant octopus sculpture outside.
Arjuna’s Penance
This huge monument—approximately 100 feet long and 43 feet high—is thought to represent a scene from the epic Mahabharata. More than 100 figures, including gods and animals, have been carved into two boulders.
Kanchipuram
An ancient city dating back to the second century, Kanchipuram is known for its temples, colorful festivals, and famous silk sarees.
Krishna Mandapam
Inside the large Krishna Mandapam, part of a UNESCO World Heritage site, carvings depict the myth of Krishna safeguarding villagers and cattle from Indra.
Krishna’s Butter Ball
Take a photo with this massive, precariously balanced boulder. Local legend says that even seven elephants were unable to shift this gigantic ball of granite.
Shore Temple
Dating from the late seventh century, the intricately carved Shore Temple is the oldest freestanding temple in the Mamallapuram area. Inside the two-towered structure are shrines dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu.
Powered by Robust Infotech
Copyright © 2022 Ishan Weds Anubha